[Music]
hey how's it going Dave QD here
so sometimes lesser-known laptop
companies send me devices to take a look
at and usually they're not great to say
the least but once in a while you get
something special and this is one of
them this is a black book 14 from a
company called venom they're a company
based out of Australia and they ship
around the world this particular model
starts at $1,000 the build quality
surprisingly good aluminum panels
aluminum chassis all anodized black very
little screenflex it's on par for build
quality with something like the razor
blade and it's one hand open bolt but
like every other matte black device it
shows fingerprints pretty readily for a
14 inch device this has a pretty good
selection of quartz there are three use
das an audio jack micro HDMI micro SD
and USB see this port doesn't support
Thunderbolt 3 so you can't connect an
external GPU but considering the CPU
that's inside here I don't think it's a
big deal if you flip around and remove
some screws you can access the internals
the RAM is soldered on you're stuck with
8 gigs the m2 SSD is removable the 256
gig stick in here is SATA so speeds are
okay the processor is a cable a core why
and these look disappointing on paper
because the base clock is relatively
slow but it turbos up nicely and
performance for light tasks is quite
good but extended heavy CPU usage will
cause it to throttle down so depending
on what you do if you don't use like
heavy applications like photo or video
editing and you don't play video games
this CPU is a good fit it's fanless it's
very energy efficient and it can handle
4k playback easily but if you want to
play games don't get this computer the
thermals are fine I think it's
uncomfortable to use even under load the
speakers are located on the sides here
they fire downwards which I don't like
very much the base is weak but the
overall volume is good it's a pretty
standard pair of speakers for an
ultrabook
the battery is a 40 watt hour slab and
I'm getting a comfortable eight hours
with it this is what the screen at 215
it's doing regular work but if you're
doing a lot of 4k video playback you
could get significantly longer battery
life because of the new cable akin
processor they've actually included two
charges so you can leave on at home and
one charger work and then you only have
to carry your laptop back in
fourth it's a small detail and I'm sure
these things don't cost very much to
produce but it's a nice touch and I
think more manufacturers should do that
like having a second adaptors really
convenient they also include a USB key
for system recovery the screen is an IPS
panel 1080p matte finish not a
touchscreen contrast is good and the
blocks look pretty block but it could be
brighter it's also not particularly
color accurate so it's not going to be
the best screen for content creation now
this is a 14 inch panel and there's a
noticeable size difference between this
and the more common 13 inch Ultrabook
this feels significantly roomier at any
kind of text heavy workflow is going to
be more comfortable on this bigger
screen the webcam up top is 720p looks
okay so the keyboard is in my opinion
one of the best features on this laptop
and it's actually one of the main
reasons why I even made this video the
layout is excellent I think it's
potentially one of the best layouts i've
seen on an ultrabook
the arrow keys are well placed and it
has dedicated home and and page up page
down keys the backlighting is three
stages but what makes is keyboard is the
feel-good key travel quick response and
the whole typing experience is excellent
and as someone who has spent a long time
coding on a laptop before I recognize
the value of a good keyboard on an
ultrabook
and this has one of them the trackpad is
okay uses eland drivers but it's
accurate enough it doesn't skip around
and the gesture controls are accurate
button mechanism is good it has a
plastic surface good texture but I still
wish it was gloss so the black plug 0:14
it's certainly not cheap and it's non
divisive built for gaming or even heavy
content creation but if you're looking
for something with great build quality
and excellent keyword and a larger than
average screen for just more visual real
estate take a look at this one
I think vana made something pretty good
hope you guys enjoyed this video thumbs
if you liked it subs of you loves it see
you guys next time
[Music]